DDS-1422 Change email subject when MOTD is sent to avoid sending just the acronym (#1477)
ScilifelabDataCentre/dds_web: SPRINTLOG.md

- Column `sto4_start_time` is automatically set when the create-unit command is run ([#1668])(https://scilifelab.atlassian.net/jira/software/projects/DDS/boards/13?selectedIssue=DDS-1668)
- Replace expired invites when there's a new invitation attempt ([#1466](https://github.com/ScilifelabDataCentre/dds_web/pull/1466))
- New version: 2.5.1 ([#1471](https://github.com/ScilifelabDataCentre/dds_web/pull/1471))

# 2023-10-02 - 2023-10-13

> - Changed email subject when motd is release to send the whole DDS name and not just the acronynm ([#1422])(https://scilifelab.atlassian.net/jira/software/projects/DDS/boards/13?selectedIssue=DDS-1422)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use full DDS name in MOTD email subject ([#1422])(https://scilifelab.atlassian.net/jira/software/projects/DDS/boards/13?selectedIssue=DDS-1422)
```

# 2023-10-02 - 2023-10-13

> - Use full DDS name in MOTD email subject ([#1422])(https://scilifelab.atlassian.net/jira/software/projects/DDS/boards/13?selectedIssue=DDS-1422)
> - Project title displayed along with the internal project ID email sent when a project is released ([#1537])(https://scilifelab.atlassian.net/jira/software/projects/DDS/boards/13?selectedIssue=DDS-1537)

Reviewer: Didn't notice before but the links here in the sprintlog should be to the PRs on Github (and in order of when they're merged) 
```suggestion
- Project title displayed along with the internal project ID email sent when a project is released ([#1475](https://github.com/ScilifelabDataCentre/dds_web/pull/1475))
- Use full DDS name in MOTD email subject ([#1477](https://github.com/ScilifelabDataCentre/dds_web/pull/1477))
```

Author: Ah yeah, I changed the order when mergin with the other branch. oops
